What's Trema?
=============

Welcome to the Trema OpenFlow controller platform. The scope of Trema
is to help researchers and developers to easily develop their own
OpenFlow controllers, and NOT aiming at providing a specific OpenFlow
controller implementation. Trema provides various basic libraries on
which you can build your own OpenFlow controller, as well as
integrated network emulator and a lot of sample controllers written in
C and Ruby.


What's here?
============

This distribution includes all the source code of Trema you need to
develop your own OpenFlow controllers. The source tree includes basic
libraries and functional modules that work as an interface to OpenFlow
switches. Several sample applications developed on top of Trema are
also provided, so you can run them as a sample of OpenFlow
controllers. Additionally, a simple but powerful framework that
emulates an OpenFlow-based network and end-hosts is provided for
testing your own controllers. For debugging, a wireshark plug-in to
diagnosis internal communications, e.g. RPC, among functional modules
is provided. Please refer to the quick start guide (QUICKSTART) for
detailed explanation.


Known issues/limitations
========================

Trema is under development and please refer to issue tracker
(https://github.com/trema/trema/issues) for known issues and future
plans.


Contact
=======

If you find any issues/bugs or if you have any question, please
contact to the following email address:

  trema-dev@googlegroups.com
